---
layout: home
title: SoFy Integration / Getting SoFy Domain
description: A description of the post.
---

## Getting Sofy Domain in a Container

There are scenarios where a container (inside a pod) needs to know the name of the Sofy sub-domain. For example, when constructing the host name for a particular Kubernetes service. This can be achieved in either of the following ways:

-	Using the `global.domain` variable (present in `values.yaml`) that’s set for each solution deployed in a SoFy sandbox, or a custom domain set at solution install time, outside of the sandbox.

It can be used as follows:

 ```yaml
 {% raw %}
      containers:
        - name: example
          image: "busybox:latest"
          env:
            - name: MY_SUB_DOMAIN
              value: "{{ .Values.global.domain }}"
 {% endraw %}
  ```

- Using ConfigMap `{% raw %}{{ .Release.Name}}-domain{% endraw %}` to get the sofy-domain.

  Every deployed solution comes with a ConfigMap `{% raw %}{{ .Release.Name }}-domain{% endraw %}` that has variables `HOST` and `HOST_PROTOCOL`, which are configured dynamically when a solution is installed.
  
  The `HOST` variable will have a Sofy sub-domain and `HOST_PROTOCOL` will be `https` (since all Sofy solution have TLS enabled.)

  This ConfigMap can be used in a container as follows:

  ```yaml
  {% raw %}
      containers:
        - name: example
          image: "busybox:latest"
          env:
            - name: MY_SUB_DOMAIN
              valueFrom:
                configMapKeyRef:
                  name: {{ .Release.Name }}-domain
                  key: HOST
  {% endraw %}
  ```

  This will return the "sub domain". For example the SoFy KeyCloak discovery endpoint could then be retrieved with the below by inserting the `env.SOLUTION_DOMAIN` into the rest of the known (or constructed) URL.
  
  ```yaml
  discoveryEndpointUrl="https://sofy-kc.${env.MY_SUB_DOMAIN}/auth/realms/sofySolution/.well-known/openid-configuration"
  ```

  This is very helpful in scenarios when a solution is deployed in a private cluster (other than Sofy sandbox), where the Sofy's Ambassador (load balancer) will not have a sub-domain set and instead use dynamic IP (if available) to create a subdomain of type `**external-ip**.nip.io`. Thus, the container can get the dynamic domain, and not depend on a solution admin to supply it.

  > **Note:** Due to the dynamic nature of assigning an external IP to a service in a Kubernetes cluster, which varies by cloud provider, the ConfigMap may not immediately have the environment variable available. In that case, a pod which has a container trying to retrieve the environment variable will not start up until the ConfigMap is properly configured.
