---
layout: home
title: SoFy Integration / Pods Requirements
description: A description of the post.
---

## Pods Requirements

### Resource Requests and Limits

Kubernetes manages the allocation of resources to individual containers as described in [Resource requests and limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/). 

Helm charts in the SoFy catalog should specify at least the minimal resource requirements and, ideally, also a resource limit for each pod. Such configuration details can be included as a part of `values.yaml` so there’s a recommended default value, but advanced users can overwrite it at install time, if needed.

*Example*

In values.yaml file:

```yaml
{% raw %}
resources:
  requests:
    cpu: 100m
    memory: 200Mi
  limits:
      cpu: 1
      memory: 1G
{% endraw %}
```

Then, in the `deployment.yaml` or `statefulset.yaml` file for `pod.spec.containers.resources`, can populate its value from `values.yaml`:

```yaml
{% raw %}
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: {{ .Chart.Name }}
          resources:
            {{- toYaml .Values.resources | nindent 12 }}
{% endraw %}
```

### Health Checks

Kubernetes uses [Readiness, Liveness probes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/) to know whether pods are (a) ready for requests (Readiness probes), and (b) still alive or need a restart (Liveness probes). It’s important to provide these two health check probes for all pods. They can be implemented via command, HTTP GET request, or TCP socket. See [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/) for details.

**Note**: Readiness probes, especially when used for applications, can take some time to start up.

### Labels and Selectors

[Kubernetes labels and selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/) are key-value pairs used to identify and define attributes of Kubernetes resources. SoFy’s Solution Console uses these key-value pairs to identify and display all Kubernetes resources from your application.

Minimally, your pods and services **must** contain both the `app.kubernetes.io/name` and `app.kubernetes.io/instance` labels.

`app.kubernetes.io/name` is used to display the application’s pods in the SoFy Solution Console. Label `app.kubernetes.io/instance` is used to select all Kubernetes resources from the SoFy solution install. You are responsible to make sure Kubernetes resources from any third-party dependency charts also contain and use these labels properly.


```
{% raw %}
app.kubernetes.io/name: {{ include "my-helm-chart.name" . }}
app.kubernetes.io/instance: {{ .Release.Name }}
{% endraw %}
```

**Note:** The following labels have been superseded by `app.kubernetes.io/name` and `app.kubernetes.io/instance`. Do not use them.

```yaml
{% raw %}
name:  {{ include "my-helm-chart.name" . }}
release: {{ .Release.Name }}
{% endraw %}
```

If you used `helm create my-chart-name` as the template or started your chart, you should be all set.
